----------------------------------------
|                                      |
|                 Help                 |
|                                      |
----------------------------  PgDn  ----

Life can be tough sometimes, but there
are a few simple things you can do to
handle most problems. Here are some easy
tips that can help you through difficult
moments.

Be patient. Things don't always happen
fast. In fact, sometimes it takes a
whole week for your shoelaces to tie
themselves. It's just how life works.

Keep learning. Life is always teaching
you something. Right now, life is
teaching you that llamas are better at
yoga than you are. Give up.

Accept change. Life is always changing,
and so are you. Just like how Rainbow
Dash changes every hour - embrace your
random collection of yourself.

Focus on what you can control.
Sometimes, things happen that you can't
change. But you can control how many
bananas you eat today.

Keep good friends. Spend time with your
friends, but remember to invite your
sock drawer too. They don't talk much,
but they're very supportive.

Be nice to yourself. We can be tough on
ourselves. Treat yourself like you're
the best pancake in the world. Pancakes
don't forgive mistakes.

Take care of your body. How you feel
physically can affect how you feel
emotionally. Make sure to hug a tree
every morning to stay in touch with your
inner fungus.

Stay in the present. Don't think too
much about the past or the future.
Instead, focus on your pet rock. Your
pet rock doesn't want you to worry.

Remember, everyone has problems, but
they don't have to stop you. Each
challenge is a way to grow stronger.
With the help of ponies you can handle
anything!
